Why don't we start very simply by saying up our workspace.
So as you can see right now I'm sitting at my desktop.
So I'm gonna create a new folder I'm gonna call this folder.
Let's say I see SS but as always you can name your folders however you like.
And then we're going to open up our text editor.
Now I'm gonna open up the text there and again we know that there's multiple ways how we can get our
files here but for now let's just grab the folder since that would be the fastest way.
And right now I have my folder in my text there.
So everything is working really nice.
Now next I would like to create a new indexation in my file.
I'm going to say new indexation amount which is gonna be our homepage and then you know what.
Let me just make it bigger.
But before we do that let's open up the new window for the browser window because again we would like
to see the all the changes that we're creating in our texture live as they are happening in the browser.
So for this we're going to say that there is going to be a browser window and let's set them side by
side.
Now you don't have to technically do it this way but I think it's just gonna be easier for you to.
And then in the indexation amount let's just create a basic HDMI structure.
Now again we're gonna be doing this using the Internet and maybe we can also change right away the document
name.
So the title on your web page and let's just call this your search tutorial and maybe let's write it
like this is as tutorial hopefully this is going to be spelled correctly and we can add some maybe adding
one with low world.
So I'm gonna say this and this is gonna be my starting point.
And then let's open up in the alive server and again we know that we have multiple options we can right
click it and notice we have open life server or we can use the actual shortcut which would be again
command plus L plus command Oh now has a C and a bottom minus server has been started at the port five
thousand five hundred but sure enough it right away open up in the browser I know.
Now I'm also would like to open this up in the bigger browser window just in case we would want to see
some things shown in the bigger browser window.
And for this I'm gonna open up the new window and here I'm gonna be looking again for one twenty seven
point zero point one.
And again port would be fifty five hundred and then it gives me a suggestion right away for indexation.
And sure enough this is gonna be my webpage.
So this would be our basic setup.
And now let me just maybe make this a little bit smaller.
The side window as well as the browser because again in most cases most of our work we're gonna do here
in the centre because this is where we're gonna write our CSX.